docs: Preview features description (#747)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Core: README.md

More detailed information on the inner working of ArmoniK.Core is available [here](https://aneoconsulting.github.io/ArmoniK.Core/).

## Features availability

> As this repository is open-source and we follow trunk based development, all features will be integrated into main, in multiple small steps.

Reviewer: As this repository is open-source and we follow trunk based development, all features will be integrated into main, in multiple small steps
```suggestion
As this repository is open-source and we follow trunk based development, all features will be integrated into main, in multiple small steps.
```

Breaking changes will be limited as much as possible or gated behind feature flags.
If breaking changes should happen, they will be documented in the releases.
Therefore, features in development or testing that cannot fit within a branch and need to be integrated into main will be marked as preview so that users know that these features are still in development and subject to changes.

### General availability

This section will list the features and plugins that are generally available, highly curated and for which support is available.

- Queue plugins
  - RabbitMQ
  - AMQP
  - PubSub
- Storage plugins
  - Local
  - Redis
  - S3
- Database plugins
  - MongoDB

### Preview

> This section will list features and plugins that are available on main but still in development. Their API should be stable enough for advanced users who want to test them before GA. Breaking changes will be notified in the release notes. Any feedback or issue encountered with these features are welcome !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will list features and plugins that are available on main but still in development. Their API should be stable enough for advanced users who want to test them before GA. They can be considered as Release Candidate. Breaking changes should be minimal and will be notified in the release notes. Any feedback or issue encountered with these features are welcome !
```

Reviewer: I will keep the second part at least.

Author: Fine by me

- Queue plugins
  - SQS

### Beta (Internal preview)

> This section will list features and plugins in active development. They are not stable enough and breaking changes may occur without any notice. Breaking changes will not always be documented. Before they are moved to the "Preview" stage, issues might be closed with the minimal messages "Under Active Development".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will list features and plugins in active development. They are not stable enough and breaking changes may occur without any notice. Breaking changes will not always be documented. They can be used by the community for testing purposes. Before to be moved to the "Preview" stage, issues might be closed with the minimal messages "Under Active Development".
```

- Partitionning

>   - Partition metrics exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Partition metrics exporter (dynamique partitioning)
```

Author: Not related to dynamic partitionning, at least not the same dynamic. It should have originally been used to dynamically change the number of instances per partition not partition addition

More detailed information on the inner working of ArmoniK.Core is available [here](https://aneoconsulting.github.io/ArmoniK.Core/).

## Development process

This repository follows trunk based development so all features will be integrated into main, in multiple small steps.
Breaking changes will be limited as much as possible or gated behind feature flags.
If breaking changes should happen, they will be documented in the releases.
Therefore, features in development or testing that cannot fit within a branch and need to be integrated into main will be marked as preview so that users know that these features are still in development and subject to changes.

> **General availability:** The APIs, plugins and features that are generally available are highly curated and for which support is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**General availability (GA):** The APIs, plugins and features are highly curated and support is available.
```

**Preview:** The APIs, plugins and features that are available on main but still in development. Their API should be stable enough for advanced users who want to test them before GA. Breaking changes should be minimal and will be notified in the release notes. Any feedback or issue encountered with these features are welcome !

> **Beta (Internal preview):** The APIs, plugins and features in active development. They are not stable enough and breaking changes may occur without any notice. Breaking changes will not always be documented. They can be used by the community for testing purposes. Before to be moved to the "Preview" stage, issues might be closed with the minimal messages "Under Active Development".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Beta (Internal preview):** The APIs, plugins and features in active development. They are not stable enough and breaking changes may occur without any notice. Breaking changes will not always be documented. They can be used by the community for testing purposes. Before being moved to the "Preview" stage, issues might be closed with the minimal messages "Under Active Development".
```

Not exactly sure about the meaning behind the last sentence

Author: We'll close issues about Beta features without notice

> **Deprecated:** The deprecated APIs, plugins and features. Features are flagged for future removal. Only production critical bug fixes will be considered.

Reviewer: il manque la partie sur la release

|----------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------|---------|
| RabbitMQ | Queue          | RabbitMQ client using AMQP protocol 0.9.2     | GA      |
| AMQP     | Queue          | AMQP client using AMQP protocol 1.0.0         | GA      |
| PubSub   | Queue          | Google PubSub client                          | GA      |
| SQS      | Queue          | AWS SQS client                                | Preview |
| Redis    | Object Storage | Redis client used to store binary data        | GA      |
| Local    | Object Storage | File system used to store binary data         | GA      |
| S3       | Object Storage | AWS S3 client used to store binary data       | GA      |
| MongoDB  | Database       | MongoDB client to store ArmoniK internal data | GA      |

| APIs                          | Description                                                                         | Status     |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| Agent.CreateTask              | Streamed RPC to submit payloads and tasks from the worker                           | Deprecated |

> | Agent.Get*Data                | RPC to get special Results                                                          | Beta       |

Reviewer 2: Are they in beta even ? They are not implemented at all iirc

Author: Not all so they'll be in WIP^^

| Agent.*                       | Service to submit created results, create new results and new tasks from the worker | GA         |
| Applications.ListApplications | RPC to list applications                                                            | GA         |
| Authentication.GetCurrentUser | RPC to retrieve the current logged-in user                                          | GA         |

> | Events.GetEvents              | Streamed RPC to subscribe to events happening on tasks and results during execution | GA         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Events.GetEvents              | Streamed RPC to subscribe to tasks events and result during execution                | GA         |
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Events.GetEvents              | Streamed RPC to subscribe to task and result events during execution | GA         |
```

| HealthChecks.CheckHealth      | RPC to get an overview of the cluster health                                        | GA         |
| Partitions.ListPartitions     | RPC to list partitions                                                              | GA         |
| Partitions.GetPartition       | RPC to get partition information                                                    | GA         |

> | Partition metrics exporter    | Metrics exporter to expose metrics on partition instance sharing                    | Beta       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Partition metrics exporter    | Metrics exporter to expose metrics on shared partition instance                   | Beta       |
```

| Results.WatchResults          | Bi-directionnal RPC to subscribe to events on Results                               | Beta       |
| Results.*                     | Service to create, download, list and upload results                                | GA         |
| Sessions.*                    | Service to create, list, cancel, pause, resume, close etc sessions                  | GA         |

> | Submitter.*                   | Old streamed service to create tasks and payloads altogether                        | Deprecated |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Submitter.*                   | Deprecated service to create tasks and payloads altogether                        | Deprecated |
```

| Tasks.*                       | Service to submit, list and cancel tasks                                            | GA         |

> | Versions.*                    | Service to retrieve                                                                 | GA         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Versions.*                    | Service to retrieve versions                                                                | GA         |
```

> | Versions.*                    | Service to retrieve                                                                 | GA         |

Reviewer: retrieve what?

> | Worker.*                      | Service implemeted by users that consumes the tasks scheduled by ArmoniK            | GA         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Worker.*                      | Service implemented by users that consumes the tasks scheduled by ArmoniK            | GA         |
```

> | Worker.*                      | Service implemeted by users that consumes the tasks scheduled by ArmoniK            | GA         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Worker.*                      | Service implemented by users that consumes the tasks scheduled by ArmoniK            | GA         |
```

| Docker Image Platform | Status  |
|-----------------------|---------|
| linux/amd64           | GA      |
| linux/arm64           | Preview |

> | windows/amd64         | Beta    |

Reviewer: de mon point de vue on est encore en preview
